::: column-left
### GROOMBRIDGE REPORT

  5 COY HAD ANOTHER EVENTFUL VISIT TO GROOMBRIDGE LAST MONTH , AND
THE RESULTS OF THAT VISIT WILL BE FELT IN 5 COY FOR A VERY LONG TIME
TO COME.

5 COY'S ARRIVAL ON PLANET WENT LARGELY UNNOTICED AND WITHIN A FEW
HOURS OF ARRIVAL 5 COY HAD THREE MEMBERS OF 1 COY UNDER HOUSE ARREST
FOR ASSAULTING SOME PEACE DEMONSTRATORS , DURING THIS TIME CAP. ZWARF
WAS RELIEVED OF COMMAND AND MARINE DARLING WAS PLACED UNDER HOUSE
ARREST FOR ASSAULTING THE MARINE PRISONERS.

DURING THE OPERATIONS SGT. MEXAL WAS INCAPACITATED AND PLACED IN 
ISOLATION UNTIL SHE COULD BE EVACUATED, DUE TO HARD RADIATION POISONING
.

DUE TO THE LARGE QUANTITY OF HARD RADIATION IN THE AREA FIVE MARINES
WERE EQUIPPED WITH NBC ( NUCLEAR , BIOLOGICAL , CHEMICAL ) SUITS AND
WERE HASTILY TRAINED ON WHAT TO DO IN AN NBC ENVIRONMENT BY CPL. MARTINS
, THE ONLY MEMBER OF 5 COY WITH ANY FORMAL NBC  TRAINING ON THIS MISSION.

ONE OF THE TECHS RAN OFF WITH A NUCLEAR CHARGE DURING A FIRE FIGHT
ON THE SECOND DAY AND IT WAS DECIDED TO TRY AGAIN THE NEXT DAY.


:::

::: column-right
##### ACCIDENT

ON THE NEXT DAY IT WAS DECIDED TO GO AFTER THE TECH WITH THE CHARGE
AND TRY AND GET IT BACK . THE NBC SQUAD LED THE COMPANY AND TOOK H.R.
READINGS AS THEY APPROACHED THE AREA .

THE ATTACK WENT WELL THOUGH I AM TOLD THAT THE BOGIES WERE GOING DOWN
VERY EASILY AT THE TIME . WHEN 5 COY RETURNED TO THE BASE IT WAS FOUND
THAT THE NBC SQUAD HAD ALREADY TAKEN THE EQUIVALENT OF A LETHAL DOSE
OF HARD RADIATION. WHEN THE REST OF 5 COY RETURNED IT WAS REALISED
THAT THE AREA THAT THEY HAD PASSED THROUGH WAS VERY SERIOUSLY CONTAMINATED
BUT DESPITE THIS THE COMPANY CONTINUED WITH ITS DUTIES , INCLUDING
PLANTING ANOTHER NUCLEAR CHARGE. WHEN  5 COY RETURNED THE NBC SQUAD
HAD PASSED THROUGH DECONTAMINATION AND WERE DECLARED POSSIBLY SAFE
EVEN THOUGH THEY WERE DOPED UP ON DEZAMINE . HOWEVER THE REST OF THE
5 COY OPERATIONAL MARINES WERE FOUND TO HAVE  HAD MASSIVE EXPOSURE
TO HARD RADIATION AND WERE ALL IMMEDIATELY QUARANTINED UNTIL MEDICS
IN NBC COULD TREAT THEM.

UNFORTUNATELY SOME WON'T , OR HAVE ALREADY SUCCUMBED TO THE RADIATION
,OUR REPORTER WAS TAKEN TO SEE SOME OF THE SURVIVORS AND WAS SICKENED
BY THE STATE OF SOME OF THE CASUALTIES .

ALL THIS WAS CAUSED BY A SCANNER THAT WAS BECOMING RADIOACTIVE AND
ALL Mk 3,4,5,6 AND 7 SCANNERS HAVE BEEN RECALLED TO 'SHIELD' THEM
FROM BECOMING RADIOACTIVE SO THAT THEY DON'T GIVE FALSE READINGS AND
SO ENDANGER MORE LIVES IN FUTURE.

THE MARINES KILLED IN THIS ACCIDENT ARE-

MAJOR HARRIS, 5 COY , COMPANY C. O. 

SGT. CHAOS  , MFC. ZEUS , MARINE CARDINAL   MARINE DARLING 

ONE OTHER MARINE IS STILL ON THE DANGER LIST AND IS NOT EXPECTED TO
MAKE IT.

:::

::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
### INTERESTING ? 

 WHEN WE TRIED TO CONTACT THE GARAVAGLIA II TO FIND OUT ABOUT  V COYS
LAST MISSION THE RADIO OPERATOR REPORTED THE FOLLOWING " YEAH YEAR
HUH HEY MAN LIKE THEY DONE GOOD BUT  HUH HUH THEY LIKE DIDN'T GET
A HIGH BODY COUNT HUH HUH  .YEAH MAN IT'S THEIR C.O. HUH HUH HE LIKE
DON'T KICK BUTT LIKE I  DO YEAH YEAH HUH HUH  OH OH GOT TO GO HUH
HUH LIKE THE CAPTAIN WANTS HIS RADIO BACK HUH HUH " .

 SOON AFTER THIS CONVERSATION THE NEWS WAS RELEASED THAT MARINE BUTT-HEAD
HAD BEEN RECAPTURED DURING ANOTHER ESCAPE ATTEMPT.

### FOR SALE

HOUSE ON QUIET BACKWORLD PLANET  - VERY GOOD VIEWS OF VOLCANIC ERUPTIONS
 , NEAREST NEIGHBOURS ARE OVER 30 km AWAY.   TO VIEW  _CONTACT GROOMBRIDGE
REFUGEE'S ASSOCIATION_ .

V COY HAVE SOME SPARE MARINES AVAILABLE FOR HIRE AT THE MOMENT - THEY
MAKE VERY GOOD GARDEN NIGHT LIGHTS FOR THOSE EVENING BARBECUES IN
THE WARM SUMMER EVENINGS . APPLY TO C.M.C. HQ WHO WILL ARRANGE DE-CAM
 FOR ALL YOUR GUESTS AFTERWARDS.

SUNNY COAST FUNNY FARM - GROUP DISCOUNTS ARE AVAILABLE FOR C.M.C.
MARINES SERVING IN V COY.

### 1 COY

1 COY ARE IN TROUBLE AGAIN FOLLOWING THEIR RETURN FROM GROOMBRIDGE
. SEVERAL COMPLAINTS HAVE BEEN LODGED BY V COY FOLLOWING  1 COYS DEPARTURE
FROM THE PLANET.

:::

::: column-right
### WEETAFROSTIESHREDDED FLAKES SPECIAL OFFER.

COLLECT YOUR FAVOURITE MARINE CORPS , COLLECT ALL OF THEM AND IMPRESS
YOUR FRIENDS , FIGURES TO COLLECT ARE :- 

1. COLONIAL MARINE SURVEY CORPS  , notice how the figure has its
own C.M.C issue bermuda shorts and issue shades .

2. SPECIAL FORCES , with it's own detachable  gas mask , figure also
available in black night camo.

3. CLONE-WARRIOR , made from totally indestructible high impact rubber
this figure cannot be destroyed , each time it will just bounce back
exactly as it was before.

4. CYBER-WARRIOR , with it's special chrome plating and leather trousers
.

5. SPECIAL EDITION  V COY , special edition glow in the dark figure
, notice the cold climate equipment .

6. SPECIAL EDITION CIVILIAN FIGURE , these figures are all different
, however get them wet and hey presto ! instant bullet holes or limbs
which drop off .

7. HEAVY WEAPONS CREW , this figure is armed with a mk 5 heavy weapon
, this weapon is awesome in its destructive fire-power but is sworn
at quite a lot because it is three times as big is the marine carrying
it and it takes over one hour to set up so it doesn't take all your
mates heads off when you fire it .

:::
