::: column-left
### SHIP LOST.

THE FREIGHTER 'MARIE CELESTE' HAS BEEN DESTROYED IN A JUMP DRIVE ACCIDENT
, WITH THE LOSS OF 264 PASSENGERS AND CREW .

 MEMBERS OF V COY WERE ONBOARD JUST PRIOR TO THE JUMP BUT WERE ONLY
ABLE TO SAVE THREE PASSENGERS AND CREW , UNFORTUNATELY LOSING THREE
OF THERE OWN MARINES IN THE PROCESS.

 THE C.M.C. HAVE OFFICIALLY POSTED THEM AS MISSING IN ACTION ALONG
WITH THE DETACHMENT OF MARINES WHO WERE ON ESCORT DUTIES ABOARD THE
SHIP.

THE UW ARE HOLDING AN ENQUIRY INTO THE ACCIDENT AS THE SHIP LOOKED
LIKE IT HAD BEEN BOARDED AND INVOLVED IN A FIGHT PRIOR TO IT ALMOST
COLLIDING WITH THE GARAVAGLIA II . AT THE TIME IT HAD HAD A COMPLETE
COMPUTER SYSTEMS FAILURE INVOLVING JUST ABOUT ALL THE SYSTEMS ONBOARD
EXCEPT LIFE-SUPPORT. WHILE V COY WERE ONBOARD A SUITCASE OF FORGED
CREDITS WAS RECOVERED , APPARENTLY IN A ' GET RICH QUICK ' SCHEME
BY CERTAIN MARINES . WAS THIS THE REASON THE SHIP WAS BOARDED ? WE
WILL PROBABLY NEVER KNOW.

 THE UW ARE ALSO INTERESTED IN WHY THE SHIP HAD NOT BEEN REPORTED
MISSING , WHEN V COY FOUND INDICATIONS THAT THE SHIP MAY HAVE BEEN
ADRIFT FOR UP TO A YEAR.

   THE RESULT OF THE INQUIRY MAY MAKE INTERESTING  READING  AND WE
WILL LET YOU KNOW THE RESULT OF IT WHEN IT IS PUBLISHED.

 THE LOSS OF THE ' MARIE CELESTE ' WAS THE BIGGEST LOSS OF LIFE IN
A STAR SHIP ACCIDENT SINCE THE ' WHITE STAR ' WAS LOST IN 2412 WITH
457 DEATHS .


:::

::: column-right
### GROOBRIDGE TOLL REACHES SIX

THE DEATH OF MARINE MILLER , WHO WAS THE CRITICALLY ILL MARINE FROM
V COY FROM THEIR VISIT TO GROOMBRIDGE LAST MONTH , BRINGS THE TOTAL
DEATHS  ON THAT MISSION TO SIX .

K.I.A.

V COY     

SGT. OTTO TRADER , RECENTLY JOINED V COY AS A HEAVY WEAPONS AND A.P.D.
EXPERT . SUCCESSFULLY COMPLETED OVER 24 HRS. ACTIVE SERVICE WITH V
COY (JUST!) AND LEAVES BEHIND A THRIVING FAMILY BUSINESS IN NEW AND
USED SHUTTLES AND GROUND CRAFT ( AUTO-TRADER GET IT! )

MFC S.C. RATCH , HAD BEEN WITH V COY FOR OVER TWO YEARS AND HAD SEEN
ACTION ON TEN  MISSIONS , NINE LIVE , ONE SIMULATED . WAS KNOWN AS
A BIT OF A  PHSYCHO WHEN HE COULD GET HOLD OF A SQUAD SUPPORT WEAPON.
RATCH JOINED V COY ON KRUGER AND HAD BEEN TO GROOMBRIDGE TWICE , NUKED
IT TWICE AND LOST HIS C.O. THERE TWICE. HE WILL BE SOURLY MISSED.

MARINE JARVIS  ANOTHER FAIRLY RECENT ADDITION TO V COYS CANNON FODDER
BRIGADE ( THAT OFFICIALLY DOESN'T EXIST - BUT TRY TELLING THAT TO
THE RECRUITS ) .

TWO MEMBERS OF THE 2ND REGIMENT WERE POSTED AS MISSING IN ACTION ON
THE ' MARIE CELESTE ' .

:::

::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
### FROM THE FRONT LINE.

WE HAVE FINALLY GOT HOLD OF A REPORT  FROM III COY AT THEIR NEW POSTING
ON  CROSSROADS 329 

 WHY DO THE C.M.C. INSIST ON THIS LOCATION - SECRET B******KS  , ONLY
YESTERDAY OUR SUPPLY DROPSHIP WITH IT'S FANCY A***D PILOT DID A FEW
 "LOOP THE LOOPS " ON THE WAY OUT WHILST OUR " MEGA EXPERIENCED "
NCO'S INSIST ON US WIRING  UP THE COUNTRYSIDE WITH APD'S .

LET'S BE HONEST IF THE LOCALS DON'T KNOW WERE HERE BY NOW THEN THEY
MUST ALL BE DEAF AND BLIND , AND WERE SUPPOSEDLY HERE ON A COVERT
" SEE WHAT THE LOCALS ARE UP TO - BUT DON'T LET THEM KNOW YOUR THERE
" TYPE MISSION.

ANY WAY WE'VE GOT THIS NEWBY IN THE TEAM , HE'S ONLY A KID SO I LENT
HIM MY OLD ( REALLY OLD ) FLAK JACKET , AND TOLD HIM OF THE MARINE
TRADITION OF IF YOU BORROW IT - YOU REPAIR IT . WELL HE LOOKED A BIT
GULLIBLE , PROBABLY WHY THE SARGE HAS PUT HIM ON AN INTENSIVE COURSE
OF TREAD ON IT AND YOUR DEAD AS POINT MAN .

ANYWAY WERE ON THIS OBBO WATCHING THIS FARM WHEN THE NEWBY'S COOKING
UP BRECCY FOR US WHEN HE DISAPPEARS , WELL WE HAVE A GOOD LOOK ROUND
FOR HIM BUT WITHOUT LUCK WHEN WE GET A CONTACT AT OUR FARM . WELL
IMAGINE OUR SURPRISE WHEN WE REALISE IT'S OUR NEWBY SEEING IF HE CAN
BUY SOME EGGS AND MILK BECAUSE THE ' C RATIONS ' ARE CRAP . THE SARGE
ALMOST SHOT HIM WHEN HE FOUND OUT . MY QUESTION IS THIS WERE DO SOME
OF THESE RECRUITS COME FROM ? BUTLIN'S ? ALPHA CENTURI ? ROYAL LEAMINGTON
SPA ?

MORE NEXT MONTH,                                  MARINE LUCIFER,
III COY, LOCATION X




:::

::: column-right
### SPRUCE UP

THE GARAVAGLIA II , V COY'S MAIN TRANSPORT , IS CURRENTLY UNDERGOING
A REFIT DUE TO GENERAL WEAR AND TEAR.

THE SHIP WITCH HAS BEEN OUT OF COMMISSION SINCE THE BEGINNING OF 
MAY WAS DUE BACK IN SERVICE THIS MONTH BUT DURING THE INCIDENT LAST
MONTH , WHEN THE ' MARIE CELESTE '  WAS LOST  THE CAPTAIN REPORTED
PROBLEMS WITH MAJOR SYSTEMS AND SO THE SHIP HAD TO HAUL ALL THE WAY
BACK TO DOCK FOR MAJOR SYSTEM CHECKS . WHEN THESE ARE COMPLETE THE
GARAVAGLIA II WILL THEN RE-ENTER SERVICE IN A FULLY OPERATIONAL STATE
( YEH , LIKE THERE'S A FAT CHANCE OF THAT BEING TRUE, BY THE WAY DOES
ANYONE KNOW OF A C.M.C. SHIP THAT IS IN THIS FABLED ' FULLY OPERATIONAL
' STATE ?-- ED )

 V COY HAVE NOT YET APPOINTED A COMPANY C.O. , AFTER THE UNFORTUNATE
DEATH OF MAJOR HARRIS .

 A DECISION IS EXPECTED BEFORE THE GARAVAGLIA IS RETURNED TO SERVICE
IN JULY.

 THERE IS A RUMOUR GOING ROUND THAT THE PLANET THAT III COY ARE ON
IS BECOMING INCREASINGLY 'HOT' .

 IT HAS NOT BEEN REVEALED BY THE C.M.C. WHETHER THIS REFERENCE IS
TO RADIATION OR ENEMY ACTIVITY . MORE ON THIS NEXT MONTH .

### RUMOUR

 A RUMOUR GOING ROUND ABOUT THE GARAVAGLIA II IS THAT IT HAS GOT TWO
DECKS PURELY EQUIPPED AS  DECONTAMINATION UNITS . THE V COY HAVE SAID
THAT THIS MAY BE TRUE BUT NONE OF THEIR PERSONNEL WHO HAVE BEEN ON
BOARD HAVE BEEN OFF OF THE HABITATION DECKS .


:::
