::: column-left
WELL WE HAVE GOT SOME VERY HOT NEWS STRAIGHT FROM CMC HQ THIS MONTH,
MORE IN A MOMENT ON THIS ISSUE AS IT IS QUITE INTRIGUING TO ALL CMC
PERSONNEL, MARKEDLY ANY CMC MARINES ON PLANETS WITH GROOMBRIDGE SURVIVORS
ON .

WE ALSO HAVE NEWS CONCERNING IV COMPANY AS  THEY MAY HAVE BEEN  SEEN
BY V COY ON  THEIR LAST MISSION , THIS IS HOWEVER AT THE MOMENT JUST
 A RUMOUR GOING ROUND  V COY BARRACKS AND HAS NOT BEEN CONFIRMED BY
CMC HQ . 

ANOTHER WORD TO REACH US IS ABOUT EX-COLONEL NASCO , FORMERLY OF V
COY , BELIEVED TO BE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ALTAIR IV DISASTER  IN JULY
2491 AND THE WORD  IS THAT HE IS STILL IN V COY BUT HAS BEEN DEMOTED
TO MAJOR .           V COY AND CMC HQ BOTH   DENY THIS BUT A CIVILIAN
WITNESS STATED THAT HE WASN'T WEARING  STANDARD CMC  ISSUE UNIFORM
BUT WAS CARRYING A STANDARD  CMC IDENTITY  CARD AS WERE ALL HIS TROOPS
 WHO ALSO WERE ROUTINELY CARRYING PROJECTILE WEAPONS .  CMC HQ DENY
THIS REPORT HOWEVER THEY DO NOT DENY THAT V COY TOOK AT LEAST TWO
CASUALTIES FROM PROJECTILE WEAPONS FIRE DURING THEIR LAST OPERATION.

THESE CASUALTIES HAVE FUELLED CALLS  FOR CMC TROOPS TO HAVE ACCESS
TO PROJECTILE WEAPONS  IF THEY ARE IN A SITUATION WERE PROJECTILE
WEAPONS ARE BEING USED AGAINST THEM ,OR THEY ARE UP AGAINST IR-IMMUNE
CREATURES.
:::

::: column-right
### GROOMBRIDGE RE-REVISITED

A UW SCIENTIFIC TEAM IS BELIEVED TO BE ON ITS WAY TO GROOMBRIDGE AT
THE MOMENT AND V COY  HAVE JUST BEEN RECALLED TO DUTY WITH ALL LEAVE
CANCELLED MAKING THEM HOT FAVOURITE TO BE THE MARINE ESCORT FOR THE
TEAM.

I  REALLY QUESTION CMC HQ'S SENSE ON THIS ONE , CONSIDERING THAT MOST
OF THE GROOMBRIDGE SURVIVORS BLAME V COY FOR THE DESTRUCTION OF THEIR
PLANET , INDEED GROOMBRIDGE SURVIVORS HAVE  BEEN HEARD OPENLY REFERRING
TO V COY AS ' THE PLANET KILLERS '

APPARENTLY THE SURVEY  TEAM IS THERE TO TRY TO SEE IF GROOMBRIDGE
CAN BE SALVAGED AND IF THE PEOPLE WHO DON'T WANT TO LEAVE THE PLANET
CAN BE SAFELY RE-SETTLED ON AREAS OF THE PLANET THAT WILL REMAIN SAFE
FOR THE NEXT FEW YEARS .

SO WHY DO THEY WANT TO SEND V COY AS ESCORT FOR THESE SCIENTISTS ?
DO THEY WANT TO GET LYNCHED THE MOMENT THEY GET ON PLANET ? OR IS
THAT THE PLAN ? IS THIS A MISSION OF NO RETURN FOR V COY, SO THE UW
CAN BE NEATLY RID OF V COY AND THEIR BLACKENED REPUTATION !

### FOUND

V COY HAVE FOUND TWO PERSONS  WHO ARE BELIEVED TO BE MISSING MARINES
THEY ARE :- CAPTAIN ZWARF OF V COY MIA JAN. 2495        AND MARINE
WELLESLEY OF V COY ALSO MIA JAN. 2495  BOTH THESE MARINES WILL UNDERGO
A FULL MEDICAL BEFORE RETURNING TO DUTIES.

### ROLE OF HONOUR ( K.I.A.)

MARINE BEAN V COY. MAR 2495                             

MAS.SGT. D. WELLAN III COY. MAR 2495                   CORP. PRICE
 II COY SPECIAL FORCES APR. 2495  SGT.DEVILLE I COY SPECIAL FORCES
APR. 2495  LT. FALKIRK II COY APR. 2495       
:::

::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
### SUGGESTIONS

NOT TO GO TO GROOMBRIDGE UW - SURVEY  TEAM

STANDARD ISSUE BODY ARMOUR TO ALL OF V COY - V COY

### WANTED 

A B****Y GOOD LAWYER - MARINE GRENDEL FUGAZI , V COY

 ABOUT FORTY BODY BAGS - V COY, GROOMBRIDGE

A NICE SHINY NEW SWORD - LT CRAWSFORD, I COY , TERRA

SOME PROPER MARINES THAT KNOW HOW TO DRILL - SGT. MAJ. GRUDGES , IV
COY

### FOR SALE

FORTY  CHEAP ( EXTRA CHEAP FOR V COY ) ONE WAY CRUISE TICKETS TO GROOMBRIDGE
NATIONAL PARK ( OR WHAT'S LEFT OF IT ON ARRIVAL DATE) - I COY , II
COY AND III COY.

GOING CHEAP ONE I COY MARINE BRAIN NEVER USED - II COY

### LETTERS

DEAR SIR , WHY IS IT THAT MY COMPANY WERE RECENTLY ISSUED WITH SOME
EQUIPMENT THAT WE HAD PREVIOUSLY NEVER BEEN ISSUED WITH ,YET WITHIN
A FEW HOURS OF BEING ISSUED WITH IT,WE NEEDED IT TO COMPLETE OUR MISSION
OBJECTIVES ?           - A PERPLEXED MARINE

##### ANSWER FROM SGT. I.D.E. B'STARD

SON THERE'S THIS DEPARTMENT IN THE C.M.C. CALLED PLANNING , AND FOR
ONCE IT LOOKS LIKE THEY DIDN'T F**K UP . NEXT TIME YOUR IN THE S**T
WITHOUT A PIECE OF KIT THAT YOU NEED DON'T FORGET THAT THIS DEPARTMENT
HAVE F**KED UP.

### MISTAKE

THE INFORMATION IN THE LAST ISSUE OF IN THE LINE OF FIRE REFERRING
TO THE DEATH OF MARINE WELLESLEY WAS , WE HAVE BEEN INFORMED TOTALLY
WRONG , BUT AS HE HAS NOW BEEN FOUND ALIVE  IT IS NOW IRRELEVANT.
:::

::: column-right
### SGT. MAJ. HONER'S LAWS OF COMBAT

1.  WHEN IN DOUBT - EMPTY THE MAGAZINE
2. COMMUNICATIONS WILL FAIL - AS SOON AS YOU NEED FIRE SUPPORT .
3. THE ONLY THING MORE ACCURATE THAN INCOMING FIRE IS INCOMING FRIENDLY
FIRE.
4. NEVER FORGET THAT YOUR WEAPON WAS MADE BY THE LOWEST BIDDER.
5. THE EASY ROUTE IS ALWAYS BOOBY TRAPPED .
6. WHEY YOU HAVE SECURED AN AREA - DON'T FORGET TO TELL THE ENEMY.
7. IF THE ENEMY IS IN RANGE - SO ARE YOU.
8. BODY COUNT MATHS IS 3 TERRORISTS PLUS 1 PROBABLE PLUS 2 PIGS EQUALS
33 ENEMY KILLED IN ACTION  .
9. PROFESSIONAL SOLDIER'S ARE PREDICTABLE BUT THE WORLD'S FULL OF
AMATEUR'S.
10. NO PLAN SURVIVES THE FIRST CONTACT INTACT.
11. INCOMING FIRE HAS THE RIGHT OF WAY.
12. DON'T LOOK CONSPICUOUS - IT DRAWS FIRE - FROM BOTH SIDES. 
13. IF IN DOUBT - BUG OUT .
14. IF YOU ARE FORWARD OF YOUR POSITION , THE ARTILLERY WILL FALL
SHORT .
15. TRY TO LOOK UNIMPORTANT - AS THE BAD GUYS MAY BE LOW ON AMMO.
16. SUPPRESSIVE FIRE - WON'T.
17. THE IMPORTANT THINGS ARE ALWAYS SIMPLE .
18. MAKE IT TOO TOUGH FOR THE ENEMY TO GET IN , AND YOU CAN'T GET
OUT.
19. IF YOUR ATTACK IS GOING REALLY WELL - IT'S AN AMBUSH .
20. THING'S THAT NEED TO BE TOGETHER TO WORK USUALLY CAN'T BE SHIPPED
TOGETHER . 
21. ANYTHING YOU DO CAN GET YOU SHOT - INCLUDING DOING NOTHING . 
22. ALL FIVE SECOND GRENADE FUSES WILL BURN DOWN IN THREE SECONDS
, ALL THREE SECOND GRENADE FUSES BURN DOWN IN FIVE SECONDS .
:::