::: column-left
HELLO AGAIN GUYS AND I KNOW YOUR GONNA LIKE THIS ISSUE , SEE WE GOT
GIVEN AN ANONYMOUS LETTER AND IT EXPLAINS WHERE THE CMC GET ALL THESE
WACKED OUT REPLACEMENT MARINES. BUT FIRST OVER TO OUR RESIDENT LETTER
READER SGT  B'STARD.

_DEAR SIR, I ONLY JOINED MY COMPANY TWO MONTHS AGO AND LAST WEEK OUR
C.O. WAS KILLED IN ACTION ALONG WITH FOUR OF MY MATES . I WANT TO
KNOW HOW I CAN GET OUT OF THE CMC ? AND IS IT POSSIBLE ? _

LOOK MATE THERE IS ONLY ONE WAY OUT , THATS THE WAY YOUR MATES LEFT,
IN A BODY BAG . HEY I KNOW ITS TOUGH BUT MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE
SIGNED ON THE DOTTED LINE . IF YOUR GONNA GO YELLOW  ON US I CAN ARRANGE
A COURT MARTIAL , HELL I MIGHT EVEN GIVE YOU DISCOUNT AND ITS A GOOD
RATE ANYWAY.

THIS MONTH 5 COY TOOK A BIT OF A PASTING AGAIN, THERE WERE TWO MORE
FATALITIES AND WE HAVE HAD A FEW LETTERS ABOUT WHAT HAPPENED :-

_DEAR SIR , NOW THIS ISN'T A WINGE BUT THERE ARE TIMES WHEN A F***K-UP
SHOULD GET REPORTED , BECAUSE THE NEXT TIME IT HAPPENS SOME POOR SOD
COULD END UP IN A BODY BAG._

_NOW A FRIEND OF MINE IS A WELL QUALIFIED MEDIC IN THE RAPID RESPONSE
OUTFIT, AND RECENTLY RETURNED FROM A REALLY MESSY POSTING  , CLASSIFIED
LOCATION ETC - WELL YOU KNOW THE DRILL._

_SO ANYWAY ITS PITCH BLACK AT NIGHT WHILE THE BASE IS UNDER HEAVY ATTACK
, WHEN A MARINE IS DRAGGED IN WITH HIS THROAT CUT. MY MATE DIVES IN
TO DO WHAT HE CAN FOR THE GUY BUT HE IS BEYOND MEDICAL HELP._

:::

::: column-right
_SO WHAT I HEAR YOU ASK ? IT'S A BA****D WHEN IT HAPPENS TO ONE OF
YOUR BUDDIES , BUT IT ISN'T THE FIRST TIME IT WILL HAPPEN OR THE LAST.
COME ON THIS IS THE RISK WE TAKE WHEN WE SIGN UP - IT'S EVEN IN THE
SMALL PRINT. THE MAIN DIFFERENCE IS THAT THIS TIME THE MARINE IS WEARING
A RESTRAINING COLLAR - YOU KNOW THE ONES THAT GO BANG WHEN THERE TAMPERED
WITH OR THE BLOKE DOES A RUNNER ,PROBABLY WHY THE GUY MADE A MESS
OF HIS THROAT ANYWAY. SO THERE'S MY MATE WATCHING HIS BUDDY SLIP AWAY
TO THE LAST PATROL IN THE SKY WHEN HE THINKS " WHAT HAPPENS  TO THIS
COLLAR WHAN THIS GUY POPS HIS CLOGS ?" THIS IS FOLLOWED BY ONE OF
THOSE DOES ANYBODY ELSE KNOW ? TYPE OF FEELINGS WHILE EVERYONE EATS
SOME DIRT AS THE APD MAN DECIDES TO MOVE THE BODY INTO A LESS POPULATED
AREA , WELL THE ENEMY AGREED WITH THEM ON THIS ONE BECAUSE THEY BUGGED
OUT WHEN THE BODY CAME OUT THE DOOR._

_MY QUESTION IS THIS , WHAT HALF BRAINED IDIOT THOUGHT IT WAS A GOOD
IDEA TO HAVE WHAT WAS BASICALLY A WALKING BOMB IN A FRONT LINE UNIT
WERE IF HE HAD DIED ONE MINUTE EARLIER HE COULD HAVE WIPED OUT HIS
UNIT ? _

_ACTING MFC LUCIFER . 3COY IV RGMT. CMC_

GOOD CALL DUDE , PRBABALLY SOMEONE WITH A GRUDGE AGAINST 5 COY OR
THE CMC OR THE UW OR HUMANITY  OR ALL OF THE ABOVE WHITCH LEAVES A
HELL OF A LOT OF CHOICE DOESN'T IT ? 

  CMC HQ HAVE MADE THE FOLLOWING STATEMENT :-                    
                          

    IN JANUARY 2492 MARINE WELLESLEY WAS KILLED IN ACTION . THIS MARINE
WAS THE LAST IN THE WELLESLEY LINE , FOUNDED BY LORD WELLINGTON AT
THE BATTLE OF WATERLOO  AND FAMOUS FOR HIS COMMAND OF THE FLAGSHIP
VICTORY DURING THE BATTLE OF THE RIVER PLATE { HOWEVER RECORDS FROM
THIS PERIOD ARE UNRELIABLE} HE WILL BE SOURLY MISSED BY 5 COY.

:::

::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
THIS MONTH 1 COY ARE CONFINED TO BARRACKS  DUE TO A BREAKOUT OF TAU
CETI MEASLES.

2 COY ARE REPLACING 1 COY TEMPOARILY.

3 COY ARE CURRENTLY ON CROSSROADS 324 BUT ARE DUE TO RETURN TO BARRACKS
AS WE GO TO PRESS .

5 COY ARE AT A CLASSIFIED LOCATION AND ARE ENGAGED ON A CLASSIFIED
ACTIVITY[ SO WHAT'S  NEW - ED] . 

OH YES WE NEARLY FORGOT MRS BUCKLE, WE GOT THE LETTER FROM THE LAWYER
BUT IT DOESENT HAVE ANY CASH IN IT SO IF 5 COY ARE NEAR TUNBRIDGE
WELLS, IN PARTICULAR THE LABURNHUM AV. AREA GIVE HER A SHOUT BECAUSE
WE THINK SHE WOULD LOVE TO HEAR FROM  YOU.

### LOONIES JOIN THE CORP.

5 COY WERE JOINED BY A COUPLE OF REAL NUTTERS ON THEIR LAST OP . TWO
ESCAPERS FROM THE GARAVAGLIA'S PHSYCO WING MANAGED TO FOOL SECURITY
INTO THINKING THEY WERE REAL MARINES, AS ONE WAS AN EX-NAVAL CAPTAIN
, THIS SHOULDEN'T HAVE BEEN TO HARD AND APPARENTLY  5 COY ON PLANET
DIDEN'T EVEN NOTICE THAT THEY HAD NO BASIC FIELD CRAFT SKILLS, ARE
BASIC MARINES REALLY THAT BAD ? A 5 COY CORP. WAS ASKED WHAT HAPPENED
AND HE REPLIED THAT IT WAS DARK AND IT WASN'T HIS FAULT THAT ONE OF
THEM HAD A RESPIRATOR ON. WE HAVE BEEN ASSURED THAT THIS WILL NOT
HAPPEN AGAIN AS THEY ARE NOW SAFELY IN SEPERATE PADDED CELLS. WE ASKED
TO SPEAK TO THE C.M.O. ON THE GARAVAGLIA AND WERE TOLD THAT WHEN THE
HEAD PSYCHIATRIST RECOVERS FROM BEING OUT OF HIS HEAD ON PROZAC AND
VALLIUM  HE WOULD SEE US AND COULD WE THEREFORE CALL BACK IN A COUPLE
OF WEEKS OR SO .

### MARINE REMEMBERED

**IN MEMORY OF MFC WEYLANDER BLACKTHORN 5 COY 4TH FIELD RGMT. COLONIAL
MARINE CORPS.**         
_BY CORP. J MARTINS 5COY CMC_

ONE THING I WILL ALWAYS REMEMBER ABOUT WEYLANDER WAS HIS ABILITY TO
GET THE JOB DONE  WELL USING LIMITED RESOURCES AND TIME . AS A SCOUT
HE WOULD ALMOST ALWAYS BE ABLE TO GIVE US A GOOD IDEA OF WHAT WE WERE
UP AGAINST . I HAVE KNEW HIM SINCE NOV. 2490 WHEN HE GOT ME TO JOIN
5 COY FROM THE KRUGAN MILLITIA AND WE WERE REASONABALLY GOOD FRIENDS..
 HEY BUDDY YOUR NOW SCOUTING FOR THAT GREAT LAST PATROL DO 5 CO PROUD.
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                          MFC W. BLACKTHORN  FEB 2495
 

                  R.I.P.           

:::

::: column-right
### C.N.N.  HITCH

TALKES ARE CURRENTLY TAKING PLACE BETWEEN THE CELESTIAL NEWS NETWORK
AND THE CMC OVER 500,000.cr PAID TO THE CMC FOR CNN TO HAVE EXCLUSIVE
MEDIA RIGHTS TO MFC BLACKTHORNS TRIAL LATER THIS YEAR. CNN ARE CLAIMING
THAT AS THERE IS NOT NOW GOING TO BE A TRIAL THEY WANT  THEIR MONEY
BACK. THE CMC SAID THAT CNN STILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO THE TRIAL STORY
AND THAT THE MONEY HAS ALREADY BEEN SPENT SO ISN'T LIFE A BUMMER.
WE WILL KEEP YOU UP TO DATE ON THIS ONE !

### SPECIAL FORCES RECIPE No 1

       SCRAMBLED EGGS 

1. DISGUISED AS A WASTE BIN, STAKE OUT KITCHEN FOR AT LEAST 12 HOURS
, DONT FORGET A FLASK OF COFFEE AND A RAT PACK.

2. GAROTTE TWO SLICES OFF OF A LOAF OF BREAD , SAY 5 - 500mm THICK
AND THROW UNDER A GRILL.

3. OPEN UP ON THE GRILL WITH A FLAME THROWER ( CMC MODEL MF-701 B
IS RECOMMENDED ABOUT 5-6 SECS IS JUST RIGHT)

4. REMEMBER THAT THE FLAMETHROWER NEEDS TO BE LIT . LIGHT FLAMETHROWER
AND REPEAT STEP 3.

5. SEIZE 6 EGGS AND BREAK OPEN ( RIFLE BUTT IS MESSY FOR THIS BIT
BUT A KARATE CHOP OR KNIFE IS OK.) AND DROP INTO A SAUCEPAN.

6. ADD 20g OF THE OLD PLASTIQUE. CLAMP DOWN LID AND TAKE UP A COVERING
POSITION AS YOU DETONATE IT.

7. REMOVE AS MUTCH EGG AS YOU CAN FROM THE CEILING, FLOOR , COOKER
AND WALLS AND COLLECT IN A CONTAINER.

8. TIP EGGS OVER TOAST AND GARNISH WITH SOME GREEN LEAFY TYPE STUFF
YOU FOUND IN THE BUSH THE OTHER MORNING AND SOME RED STUFF THAT WAS
COMING OUT OF THE SENTRYS POCKET AFTER YOU SLOTTED HIM GETTING IN.

9. DECIDE THAT MAYBE THE RAT PACKS ARE NOT THAT  BAD ANY YOU ONLY
LIKE FOOD THAT COMES IN A SEALED CONTAINER.

10> MAKE A  HASTY RETREAT OUT OF THE NEAREST WINDOW  OR  SKYLIGHT.

### NEW CMC SECTION FORMED.

LAST MONTH SAW THE INTRODUCTION OF NEW TECH GRADES WITHIN THE CMC
THIS WILL AFFECT ALL ARMORERS  , APD PERSONNEL AND OTHER TECH RELATED
SKILLS.


:::
