::: column-left
WELL WE HAVE GOT THERE IN THE END THE FIRST EVER EDITION OF IN THE
LINE OF FIRE. I HOPE YOU MARINES OUT THERE ENJOY THIS  WHEREVER YOU
ARE AND I HOPE THAT NOBODY HAS TROUBLE WITH GETTING HOLD OF COPYS
OF THE MAG AS THE CMC ARE IN CHARGE OF DISTRIBUTION.

WELL I HOPE YOU ENJOY THIS FIRST EDITION AND GET HOLD OF COPYS IN
TIME TO COME           YOURS    ED. 

### 94' XMAS BASHES

OK GUYS AND GALS THIS IS IT THE XMAS REPORTS FROM AROND THE UNIVERSE
( YES KRAMER WE EVEN TRACKED DOWN 5COY SPECIAL FORCES)

1ST COY WERE AS USUAL ON TERRA DOING HONOUR GUARD DUTIES, HOWEVER
THIS YEAR ONLY SEVENTEEN OF THEM ENDED UP NEEDING HOSPITAL TREATMENT
AFTER , AND TO QUOTE " SOME OF 2COY WERE 1COY BAITING" .

LT GARVESTON STATED THAT" ALL HELL BROKE LOOSE AFTER I HIT THERE CO"

CMC REDCAPS ARE STILL INVESTIGATING WHAT HAPPENED BEFORE RELEASING
1 COY BACK TO DUTIES.

2 COY

WELL NEEDLESS TO SAY THE 2 COY BASH WAS A BIT QUIET BUT APPARENTLY
THERE WAS A HUGE P***UP AT THE LONDON MILLITARY PRISON DUE TO THE
LARGE 2COY PRESENCE FROM THE PREVIOUS NIGHT.

3 COY HAD A QUIET NIGHT IN , 30 MILES BEHIND THE LINES ON CROSSROADS
342.

4 COY HAVENT BEEN FOUND YET SO NO COMMENT .

5 COY 

WEEEELLLLLL 5 COY WHAT CAN I SAY  WHAT A NIGHT ( I THINK) I STILL
CANT FIND A SOBER MEMBER OF 5COY TO TELL ME  WHAT HAPPENED AND ITS
NOW MID JANUARY.
                           
:::

::: column-right

### INVESTIGATION 

THE UW DIPLO CORPS INVESTIGATION INTO THE ACTIVITIES OF CLAUDIA GOLDINE
HAS BEEN A COMPLETE FARCE.Ms GOLDINE HAS BEEN ALLOWED TO RETIRE WITH
A " SUBSTATIAL GOLDEN HANDSHAKE " BUT WITH ALL CHARGES DROPPED. ACCORDING
TO A SPOKESMAN THIS WAS DUE TO NOT ENOUGH EVIDENCE ALTHOUGH SOMEONE
FROM 5COY SAID THAT THERE WAS SO MUTCH EVIDENCE THAT SHE HAD STITCHED
HERSELF UP LIKE A KIPPER , HOWEVER WE HAVE HEARD THAT ONE BEFORE HAVENT
WE ( NASCO TRIAL ALSO ON EVIDENCE PROVIDED BY THE ILLUSTRIOUS 5COY - ED).

WE TRIED TO GET CONFORMATION OF THIS OFF OF THE DILPLOS BUT THERE
OFFICES WERE SHUT AND WE HAVENT BOTHERED THEM SINCE ( ED NOTE THE
UNITED WORLDS DIPLOMATIC CORPS ENQUIERY OFFICE - PRESS DEPARTMENT
IS OPEN ON THE THIRD DAY OF EVERY MONTH BETWEEN 03:45 AND 04:00 TERRAN
STANDARD TIME ).

### RUMOUR

THERE IS A RUMOUR GOING AROUND THAT CLAUDIA HAD THREATENED TO TELL
THE PRESS THAT THE DIPLOS HAD KNOWLEDGE OF THE TRUE SITUATION ON HAL
BECAUSE THEY HAD BEEN ACTIVLY SUPPLYING ARMS TO A GOVERNMENT THAT
ACTIVELY ENSLAVES 80% OF THE LOCAL POPULATION( WE SEE THIS AS HIGHLY
UNLIKELY BECAUSE ACCORDING TO A RELIABLE SOURCE IN THE NAVY THEY HAVE
THE TECHNOLOGY AVAILABLE TO INTERCEPT ANY SHUTTLES AND A SOURCE FROM
5COY SAID THAT THEY INTERCEPTED A SHUTTLE WHILE 5 COY WERE ON PLANET
- ED). MAY THIS HAVE HAD SOMETHING TO DO WITH
HER GETTING OFF SO LIGHTLY? 

:::

::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
### WANTED 

* GUNS AND BIGGER GUNS + APDS , GRENADES( SMOKE , FRAG, CHEM AND WHITE
PHOSPHOROUS ) AND ANY OTHER GOOD BITS OF KIT = _COL. NASCO_ 

* THE NAMES AND ADDRESSES OF ALL CMC PERSONNEL = _THE BROTHERHOOD_

* AS MUCH MEDICAL DRUGS AS YOU CAN GET INTO A HOLDALL AND GET DOWN TO
ME = _MFC WEYLANDER 5COY_

* AS MUCH ALCOHOL AS YOU CAN GET DOWN TO US IN ONE GO , 2 OR 3 DROPSHIPS
SHOULD DO IT = _5COY SPECIAL FORCES_ 

* DROPSHIPS THAT DON'T CRASH  = _THE CMC_

:::


::: column-right
### ADVICE
_ADVICE GIVEN BY SGT I. D. E. B'STARD_

Q: WHAT DO I DO WHEN THE ENEMY SHOOT AT ME ACCURATELY
A: RUN LIKE F***K. OR AT LEAST FASTER THAN THEY CAN SHOOT AT YOU.

Q: I AM LOST ON A STRANGE PLANET WHAT DO I DO ABOUT GETTING HOME .
A: LOOK MR. EDITOR ........ SIR IF YOU ARE THAT PI**ED NEXT TIME STAY
OFF THE ILLEGAL HAPPY DRUGS OR   CALL A  TAXI YOU CANT HAVE GOT THAT
FAR FROM YOUR HOME PLANET 

:::

::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
### EDS NOTE

ANY WAY GUYS SEND ANY INFO TO ME AND WE WILL KEEP THE PRESSES ROLLING
.

FOR THOSE OF YOU WHO WANT TO ADD BITS TO THIS MAG I AM OPEN
TO IDEAS SO WRITE TO ME AND I WILL DO MY BEST TO INCLUDE EVERY THING
THAT I CAN.

:::
