::: column-left
### Marine Executed

On 25 April 2492, Marine Warlock - newly transferred into 5 Coy - was
tried and found guilty of posession and use of a projectile weapon. 
In accordance with CMC procedure, he was then executed by lethal 
injection in front of the entire company. Video footage of the trial 
and execution has now been released by the CMC. A CMC spokesman said 
at a briefing that "every Marine knows the penalty for posession 
and/or use of such a weapon, and Warlock had only himself to blame. 
He murdered a member of the security forces on Sirius, and had we not 
dealt with him, he would have been handed over to the planetary 
authorities. We will NOT tolerate such beavior within the Corps."

The company would still appear to have their disciplinary problems 
though, with rumours beginning to circulate about trouble within the 
NCO ranks. It is also understood that charges of cowardice may be 
laid against one member of the Corps, but the CMC have refused to 
comment further.

CMC Central Command today named the doctor who had been suspended 
from active duty, following accusations of medical malpractice and 
negligence, and of membership of the League Against Warfare (LAW). 
She is Sgn Lt Cassandra O'Shaunessy, of 2 Coy.

O'Shaunessy's trial is due to start on 9th August.

There is still no sign of 5-Coy's missing doctor Sgn Lt Tane Diamond.
The CMC have refused to comment on speculation about special forces 
involvement with any rescue mission, although it is understood that 
at least two undercover operatives are involved in the case. It is 
now 10 months since Diamond disappeared from Altair IV.

### Fraud - Shock News

The latest installment in the Great intergalactic Swindle looks set 
to rock the very foundations of the planet of Rhalanor, known to its 
inhabitants as Tremus Dex. It was announced late yesterday that 
Baron Haze was assisting the UW Fraud Team in their inquiries. This 
would seem to imply that Haze knew perhaps just a little bit more 
about the fraudsters than he'd previously claimed...

### What's In The Stars

< Horoscopes omitted >

:::

::: column-right
### Freedom For Sirius?

Following the removal of reporting restrictions last month, contact 
has been made for almost the first time in 50 years with the people 
of Sirius.

Sirius, being the forth planet from the 'Dog Star' is relatively 
close to the core systems, but it wasn't until 2300 that it was 
'discovered' by the scout ship New Enterprise. The planet was 
thought to be relatively worthless at the time, due to unfavourable 
survey reports citing its hostile atmosphere and lack of usable 
minerals and resources. However, it wasn't until the planet was 
purchased by the Baron Lukel that the discovery of deposite of
Zionite ore was made.

The Lukel Family have established a strong feudal system - made 
possible due to the colinisation in about 2398 of solely Lukel
employees. Each family entered into a service contract, which binds 
them and their decendants into lifelong service under the Barony. 
There is no escape.

Life on this unforgiving world is harsh, and pitifully short. 
Terra-forming has not yet purified the atmosphere to the point where 
it would be safe to breathe the air without a mask. More than an hour 
unprotected on the surface will result in lung-damage and an 
increased risk of cancerous diseases. Longer exposures are mostly 
fatal. The Barony is rumoured to have extensive, well equipped 
medical facilities, but it is unclear as to how effective they have 
been in the fight against the effects of the atmosphere.

No-one openly complains, although there are reports of terrorist 
action. The Baron maintains a strong personal force, and his 
security force rivals that of even the richest governments. It is his 
so-called 'secret' police force that has raised most concerns, 
although perhaps surprisinglt NOT at the UW.

When questioned about suspected human rights atrocities comitted on 
Sirius, a UW spokesperson pointed out that the present Baron Lukel 
was attempting to allay such fears. It appears that last month he 
requested that a UW delegation attend the planet, to satisfy concerns 
over the safety of a suspected 'terrorist' during the pre-trial 
buildup. 5 Company was duly posted to Sirius, to guard the 'Viper' - 
a notorious terrorist who had been captured during a recent security 
force operation.

According to 5 Coy reports, the prisoner that they were guarding was 
proven to be the Baron himself, after his eldest son had apparently 
made good use of the medical facilities to brainwash his father into 
thinking he was the rebel leader. 5 Coy returned the original Baron 
to power, after capturing his errant son. CMC medical reports indicate 
that the barron is still suffering from the effects of the mind-
patching, but how long they will go on for is unknown.

Despite the lifting of restrictions, the populace appear to be too 
scared to speak to us. The masks make conversation during the day 
almost impossible,and they are too exhausted to anything but sleep 
when their shifts end. They continually look over one shoulder, and 
any sudden noise or movement startles them. Perhaps no-one's told 
them that their lot's improved...

During their mission, 5 Coy suffered 2 fatalities, with 2 more 
marines being retired from active service due to over-exposure to 
the elements. The company adjutant was reported to have been captured 
and held hostage for a while by the Baron's son, but the CMC have 
refused to comment on her state of health.

:::
::: page-break
:::

::: column-left
### Civil Unrest

Groombridge - the scene of so much voilence during its brief yet 
turbulent history - looks set to erupt once more. The province of 
Chidan declared its independance at the last meeting of the planet's 
Central House, in direct opposition to governmental policy. The 
Chidanian delegate who made the announcement - The Honoured Noble 
Willian Ziathin - has already left for home, adamant that his 
province has the right to rule itself.

A spokesman for the Central House stated that Chidan is still a 
part of the Groombridge Province Pact (GPP), and as such is still 
subject to the laws of the land. She refused to comment on the 
speculation of govermental forces being posted to the region.

As if the prospect of conflict between the Chidanians and the 
three Houses was not enough, it now looks as if the Future Party is 
set to join the fray. Its members claim that they are being 
persecuted by Puritans who live in the region. A full analysis will 
be available in next month's issue.

It is understood that a UW Diplo Team is being posted to the region.
:::

::: column-right

### Stop Press!

Liberal Society wins majority in Munro election.

Evolution Party claims corporate vote rigging.

:::