
### PARNELL INDUSTRIES

The most powerful corporation, due to its stranglehold on
the Jump Synchronicity Enabler. The president of Parnell
is also the president of the United Worlds (UW), and
currently this post is held by Vanessa Parnell. PI now
also specialise in Electronics and Computers.

### BLACKWELL POWER

Another powerful corporation, but one that has had to
take a back seat to Parnell Industries since the JSE was
developed. Specialise in power generation equipment, and
systems for all forms of interstellar craft. Rumour
indicates that BP are playing around with the old
teleportation theories.

### NAS-CORP

Specialists in Military equipment. Suspected of
perpetrating the raid and subsequent destruction of a
field testing laboratory on Insulon III, although no
evidence has yet been found to confirm this. Motive
suspected as being to gain the lead in the field of
genetic manipulation for their R & D Dept. Are a common
target of protests from the Puritans. Spokesman is Mr
Colton.

### BANORDYNE INC

Specialists in military equipment, best known for its
progress in the genetics field. It was Banordyne's field
testing station that is rumoured to have been raided by
Nas-corp. Banordyne have denied that they had a facility
on Insulon III.

### IOWA POWER

Specialists in power systems, generators, fuel
developments, etc. Owners of Golgotha, which they
declared unsafe for human habitation in 2490, following
the explosion of a chemical plant, and the subsequent
widespread contamination.

### MEDI-CARE

Drug manufacturers, with a substantial R & D section.
Good reputation for non-allergic products.

### HOMMILABS

Drug and cybernetic implant manufacturers, with a
substantial R & D section.

### GEM-STAR HOLDINGS

suppliers of scientific and medical equipment. Also
manufacture cybernetic implants, for medical and military
use. Major supplier of medical equipment to the CMS.

### NETWORK SYSTEMS

Communications (satellites, vid-links) and computer
equipment. Substantial R & D section, rumoured to be
concentrating on interactive human/machine computer links
(i.e. links straight to the brain).

### JEFFERSON ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS

Originally formed as an electronic system design and
construction company, JES has since grown into a medium
sized corporation, specialising in the production of both
military equipment, and navigation and control systems
for interstellar craft. Research is also officially
carried out into Battlefield Medical Equipment, but in
addition unofficial research is carried out in genetic
experimentation, in an attempt to develop more efficient
soldiers.

### MILITARY MERCANTILE

Weapons and armour specialists. One of the major
suppliers of military equipment to the C.M.S. A very
powerful corporation, whose rapid growth was achieved as
a direct result of profits received from the sale of
equipment during the Colonial War.

### IXTYL

Unknown.

### THE ARGARAN CORPORATION

Bio-engineering specialists. Have developed a wide range
of medical and military equipment. A very secretive
company, about whom little else is known. |

### SIGMA MINING CORPORATION

specialise in both planetary and asteroid mining, with a
side-line in salvage.

### NEW WORLDS INC

Terra-forming specialists, hired by corporations to
prepare new worlds for use - using atmospheric and
environmental adjustors. They are campaigning against
current legislation which states that planets due for
terra-forming must first be proven free of any native
sentient life-forms. New Worlds Inc claim that this is an
expensive and unnecessary procedure.

### THE ERASMUS CORPORATION

specialise in the production of chemicals for use in all
areas of manufacturing. Has substantial R & D Department,
and contantly denies rumours that it is involved in the
development of chemical warfare weaponry.

### INTELCORP

Communications specialists, who with Network Systems hold
a virtual monopoly on traditional sat-links and comms.

### GARP CORPORATION

Unknown.

### ICKTHYN SERVICES

Unknown.

### THE RESTYK CORPORATION

Specialise in clone research and growth, for paying
customers. Also provide a Mem Rec facility whereby
customers can pay for a recording to be made of their
current memories, so that in the event of an accident,
their last Mem-Rec can be installed into the customer's
clone. Problems include: the customers clone not being
developed enough to accept the memory over-ride; faulty
recording disks; and several other ‘minor glitches’.

### NORDBERG SHIPPING CORPORATION

Transport, including inter-planetary and inter-stellar,
passenger as well as cargo flights.

### VALEN PHARMACEUTICALS INC

Manufacturers and suppliers of drugs, with probably the
largest R & D Dept in the medical field.

### LI SUNG LEISURE

Manufacturers and suppliers of leisure equipment.
Holo/dome/computer/in-flight/exec entertainment, all from
Li Sung Leisure - who will even provide custom-built
leisure domes. Their most ambitious project was unveiled
and opened to the paying public last year - a whole
planet dedicated to giving its visitors the time of their
lives. Most legal forms of entertainment can be _ found
there, and probably - for those rich enough - even a few
illegal ones.

### SVENSONN AUTOMATION INC

specialise in robotics and automotive processing. Major
Suppliers of on-board droids, and robotic processes’ for
the manufacturing industry. Are rumoured to currently be
working in conjunction with a major military supplier on
combat droids.

### MALENSKI TRANSPORTATION CORPORATION

Transportation specialists, including inter-planetary and
inter-stellar, passenger as well as cargo flights. Have
recently started to study teleportation theory, and a
prototype is rumoured to be under construction.

### PALMINI DEFENCE SYSTEMS INC

Major suppliers of planetary and orbital-station defense
systems. Also supply citi-systems to several major
corporations and governments.

### DE WITT MINING INC

A mining company who have gained a bad reputation for
their extremely environmentally-unfriendly business
practices. The UW is currently considering legislation
that will crack down on such processing. De Witt have
been known to blast open an area rich in minerals, whilst
Still inhabited. A statement issued after the explosion
said that it regretted the ‘accident’ which claimed over
200 lives, and an internal investigation was under way.
An Under-Manager was suspended, and handed to the UW as a
scapegoat. He committed suicide ina holding cell, only
hours after completing a legal statement claiming
complete responsibility for the blast.

### MERTON PUBLISHING INC

Publishers of most vid-discs, news-Slugs and even
Old-format books. Their most recent development has been
in the production of sat-link programmes, and live news
from across the galaxies.

### TEDMANN CONTROLS INC

Unknown.

### TADSON & ROMBURG CONSTRUCTION

"If it doesn't move - we probably built it!" Tadson &
Romburg construct planetary infra-structures, star-ports,
Orbital stations, etc. They have a reputation for keeping
dead-lines, and for high-quality durable work.

### ALFATEK SYSTEMS

Manufacturers of high quality military and security
hardware.
