
Greetings Tony.

This was what I'd put together as possible recipients for honours in the 
past, had we had the honours system up and running earlier:-

## Valour Cross.

For laying down his life in an attempt to move a nuclear device on 
Groombridge, November 2493:-

- Sterling, Corporal [Bill Chivers]

For making the supreme sacrifice on behalf of the population of 
Groombridge, April 2495:-

- Cardinal, Sergeant [Sparky]
- Chaos, Officer Cadet K. [John Knight]
- Darling, Marine T. [Gerald]
- Harris, Major Reece [Keith Foster]
- Miller, Marine [Unknown]
- Zeus, MFC [Su Vought]

For laying down their lives that others might be saved from the SS Marie 
Celesta,May 2495:-

- Jarvis, Marine 
- Ratch, Acting Corporal S.C. [Steve Lewis]
- Trader, Sergeant. [Sparky]

## Bronze Star.

For bravery when captured by Chidanean terrorists on Groombridge, November 
2493:-

- Rider, Marine Knight [Unknown]

For risking their lives to remove an explosive device from the Marines 
Base, Grant's World, January 2495:-

- Beck, Marine Thorius [Kevin Cordina]
- Cardinal, Marine. [Sparky]

## Eagle Medal.

For rescuing a fellow Marine at the risk of being caught in an area of 
mysterious effects himself, Grant's World, January 2495:-

- Zwalf, Captain. [Mikey Geering]

For risking his life to rescue a fellow Marine, Hatterus Base, April 
2496:-

- Turner, Officer Cadet Joel [Joel Hammond-Turner]


## Commendation Decoration.

For services to the CMC (development of the Rapid Reaction Battalion):-

- Gillham, Colonel A. [Tony Gill]
- Svjenson, Colonel J. [Tony Gill]

For services to the CMC Medical System:-

- Mimiannapandawawa, Surgeon Commander Ngaogwugwu. [Kim Sheraton]

For commanding the rescue of UW President Parnell, Hattarus Base, April 
2496:-

- Calvin, Captain A. [Andy Johnson]

## Commendation Medal.

For services to the CMC in communications (development of the IRAG 
system):-

- Turner, 2nd Lieutenant Joel. [Joel Hammond-Turner]

For services to the CMC Medical Division as senior field medics:-

- Axe, Marine Ruby (special award Groombridge 2493). [Tania Lewis]
- Dibbley, Sergeant (Medical) Dwane. ['Mac' - Howard Shepard]
- Martins, Corporal Julian. [Ian Russell]
- O'Shaunessy, Sergeant Caitlin. [Nicky ??]

## The Groombridge Planetary Government - Disaster Relief Medal.

All Marines involved in the April 2495 mission to stablise the planet. 
(Axe, Beck, Burke, Cardinal, Cassell, Chaos, Darling, Dibbley, Harris, 
Krinly, Martins, Mexal, Miller, Mimiannapandawawa, O'Shaunessy, Oslo, 
Ratch, Rocktansky, Sad-Person, Sabre, Turner, Zeus) [Tania Lewis, Kevin 
Cordina, James Williams, Sparky, Pat, John Knight, Gerald, Mac, Keith 
Foster, Pete Darton, Ian Russell, Megan Robertson, ??, Kim Sheraton, 
Nicky, Bill Chivers, Steve Lewis, Mark, The Bean, ??, Joel Hammond-Turner 
and Su Vought]

## The Liane Planetary Government - The Liane Merit Star.

To be awarded to Calvin, Acting Captain A., who is to receive the award on behalf of all 
Marines involved in the removal of renegade forces from the planet. [Andy 
Johnson]

## UW Diplomatic Service - Medal of Merit.

To be awarded to:- 

- Colonel A. Gillham, services on Groombridge [Tony Gill] 
- Sergeant Ruby Axe, services on K685 [Tania Lewis]

## The Purple Heart.

To be awarded to all CMC personnel killed or physically 
injured on active service.

Killed (March 2493 to date): 

- March 2493: "Sparky", Unknown Recruit; 
- September 2493: Marine Winston; 
- November 2493: Major Gillham, Corporal Sterling, Unknown Marine, Unknown Recruit; 
- April 2494: Marine K. Rider, Marine C. Johnson; 
- June 2494: Marine E. Rell, Marine Adder, Marine Stryker; 
- February 2495: Unknown Marine, MFC W. Blackthorne; 
- March 2495: Marine Bean, Master Sergeant Nix; 
- April 2495: Major Harris, Sergeant K. Chaos, MFC Zeus, Marine Cardinal, Marine Miller, 
  Marine Darling; 
- May 2495: Sergeant Trader; Corporal S.C. Ratch; Marine Jarvis; 
- November 2495: MFC M.I. Angel; 
- January 2496: Sergeant J. Smith; 
- March 2496: Sergeant J. Martins, Marine W. Woe.

[I suggest that certificates be sent even to those no longer in the system 
- their contributions were splendid at the time, whatever they may have 
chosen later!]

I'll go and write an 'in character' guide to "Decorations of the United 
Worlds Government"....

Hugs and kisses,

Mexal.

