### Background

The planet Connet colonised just before the Colonial War took no
part in the conflict and didn't join the UW after the war. The
planet's rulers while staying in contact with the UW kept in the
background.

Connet's society is agrarian based with small communities widely
separated, with few towns and only the one large city. The
society is fairly stable but the recently elected government is
afraid it is starting to decline. To remedy this it has offered
to take some of the Groombridge refugees, in return for UW help
in upgrading their industry.

The UW has agreed to this providing the planet becomes a full
member of the UW. One of the requirements for this is to a
permanent CMC base on planet, even if it is not always manned.
The planets rulers are not too happy about this clause but have
agreed to have some marines on planet to see if the locals and
the marines can get on with each other. 

At the same time various agencies within the UW have been
sending in groups to see what needs to be done on planet and
advise the government on what actions to take.

CMC high Command has decided to send 5Coy to wave the flag and
catch up on training while on the planet

### Friday

On Friday night unknown to every one a freak natural event
occurs and some witches from a parallel universe get sucked
into this universe, The phenomenon carries on sucking up people
and objects from different universes and dropping many of them
on Connet. The witches quickly realized that their stay on planet
will be short as they are unstable in this universe, more so
since there is an energy and mass difference between the
universes. Since they were persecuted in their universe and they
would rather stay in this one they gathered the locals from the
nearest village using their powers, which still work and sent
them back to the witches universe to balance the universes.

The witches in a very short period of time have learnt how to
guide the phenomenon, not completely but enough to gather people
from other universe that they think would be helpful to them. The
villagers that weren't used to stabilise the witches in this
universe can be used to stabilise their new allies.  

The witches control of the phenomenon is not complete and patchy
so people and objects they don't want are still being drawn
though to the planet.

The players are forced to land at the capital due to localised
bad weather in the area where they were due to land. A few of
the members of the government will take the opportunity to meet
5Coy before they go to the base. 

The CO will be assured that transport will be arranged for the
morning, first thing to transport them to their base.

The civilians that are around will want to discuss 5Coy's
training, the sort of missions they have done etc. They will
also talk about their own planet and the progress they are
making with the UW aid and advisors. Especially that every so
nice man Detta Francias, who is advising them on the best way to
use labor. One of them could tell them that Detta, mentioned
that he knew 5Coy but didn't say much about them, just "judge
them on their actions".
 

### Saturday:

1. A single knight in distance. kneeling as if in prayer. Once
he has been seen (radio link) he stands puts on an IR helmet and
turns away revealing a rifle slung on his shoulder. He then
walks into a cloud of smoke that appears and he cannot be found.
 Kim or Clive in armor with something like a SA80 and marine
 helmet. Another monster with a smoke machine nearby.

2. Close to the base a loud explosion (and scream) is heard and
smoke is seen drifting from that direction. When the marines
investigate all they find is the shape of a body on the ground.
The shape is made from still warm ashes.
 Ashes, thunderflash and smoke machine or grenade needed.

3. Two knights seen fighting. One of the knights seen to put
in a killing blow. As this happens smoke engulfs the pair and
when it clears all that can be found is a few drops of blood
lying on the ground.
 Kim and Clive in armor as encounter one but some fake blood
 needs to be scattered on the ground where the dead knight falls.

4. A small group of the officials that the marines met on
Friday night turn up to see how the marines and villagers are
getting on with each other. If the marines admit the villagers
are missing see below. If they try to say the villagers are just
not here at present will get suspicious and go to village before
returning to the base.
Once they know villagers are missing will insist the villagers
are returned immediately or else. All the old 5Coy stories will
surface. They will deny any radio message received at the
capital in the morning. When the marines refuse to make the
villagers appear they will storm of threatening all sorts of
retribution.
 Civilian clothes.They need to be the same civilians that
 the players met on the Friday night.

5. Close to the base 4 heavly armed (and armored?) men appear
out of a bank of smoke. Armed with Pulse Ranger the Corporate
Strike Team (CST)have small fire fight and disappear back into
the smoke. No trace of them remains.
 The four CST wearing combat trousers and the cut off black
 jump suits. Armed with Pulse rangers and the new sensor array,
 with considerable more hits than 6.

6. CMC HQ calls up the marines CO, wanting to know what's going
on. The end effect will be if the villagers are not found 5Coy
will have to be turned over to the local law. If the CO reports
the strange sightings he will be given one chance to retract
what he has said before being relieved of command and his 2iC
being put in command. Before the 2iC can be relieved contact is
lost.
 Only radios needed.

7. Found patrolling the woods are 4 armed soldiers, armed with
pistols, caps mishmash of cammo and openly carrying at least 1
projectile weapon, They will answer with 5Coy's present password.
ID cards are correct. Paperwork on them talks about Capt Nasco
and Marine Harris. They are to check out sites for releasing
the plague. They are all members of 5Coy.
 These members of 5Coy are aggressive and at least as nasty as
 5Coy used to be on Altair IV. They should will die in ensuing
firefight. They will start it if the players don't.

8. The CST are seen talking to some people dressed as
monks?(witches), before the marines can interfere they all
disappear in a fire ball.
 Witches dress?....CST as in encounter 5. smoke machine and
 large flashpot needed

9. The CST return but should eventually be captured by the use
of a concussion grenade. They are especially venerable to
concussion, but will recover. In interrogation will mention "you
won't get us as easy next time"
 Dressed as in encounter 5 but have ID cards. The players should
 have been issued with thunderflashes by this time. 

10. In the base a smoke cloud appears when it disperses Marines
Mexal and Cpt Zwalf have also gone.
 Smoke machine needed,or flashpot.Zwalf need to be near exit
door.

11. While out on patrol the marines see some smoke appearing,
and some one appearing from the smoke. When approached she will
claim to be a Witchfinder General called Mexal. 
Once back at the base will explain much of what is going on.
 Mexal in her own clothing with the witch trapping equipment
including manacles and smoke machine

12. Mexal and CST talk, she asks marines to round up strays and
she and the CST will go to get the witches.

13. Mexal returns, she has been beaten and her equipment taken,
But using her powers can locate the CST hideout.

14. The marines go out to capture the CST. They will succeed,
but at least one of the CST will have to escape. Mexal's gear is
also recovered.

15. Mexal interrogates one of the CST and discovers where the
witches are and then the marines go on to attack the witches
camp capturing only one of them.

16. As they return to base the surviving CST members try to
take the captured witch off the marines. At least one of the cst
should escape capture.

### Sunday morning..

17. The marines under advice from Mexal have to gather up all
the strays including the surviving CST, the knights etc.
Capture the remaining witch.

18. The captured witch will agree to lead 5Coy to the other
witch but not if Mexal follows them. Once close by she/he will
try to do the dirty.

19. Once witches captured ceremony by Mexal and then villagers
and missing marines start returning in dribs and drabs.
 Smoke machine.

20. Knight seen on hillside as in encounter 1 ?
     Bible and set of manacles found in building ?



### Encounter 11 Notes: (Whats actually going on.)

Mexal is a Witchfinder General who has been after two witches.
She was about to capture them when they were snatched from her
by some force. Shortly after a number of confused bewitched
people appeared where the witches had disappeared from. 
After a day of prayer and various rituals they found out where
the witches had escaped to. A parallel universe, where they were
using the force that had rescued them to gather an army,
undoubtably for evil.

Mexal as the one had let them escape was ordered to follow
them,and did so willingly. The force was wrested from the
witches for a short time and some life forces drawn back to
their universe then Mexal came through. The force was being
taken back by the witches even as Mexal was coming through. 

To aid her she has a number of devices and charms that will stop
the witches craft working and devices for restraining them once
captured. Once captured they must be sent back so the innocents
they sent though can be returned to their own universe.

To achieve this she must have the witches under restraint and
in physical contact and as many of the people they have drawn
through nearby, to control the force and return every one to
their rightful universe.

However... Mexal is actually a witch herself and the witches she
is after are escaped servants/ slaves that she wants back for
punishment. If she is able to go back unrestrained the force
becomes hers to do with what she wants.
