### JAN 96 - HESLEY WOOD

| Ref                      |
| ------------------------ | --------------- | ------ |
| Reunion                  | Thorton Watlass | Jun 94 |
| The Sol'rebro's Incident | Drum Hill       | Feb 94 |
| Operation Nightside      | Drum Hill       | Jan 95 |

### Long term Background:

X244 was the original planet the Sol'rebrans arrived at in what
is now human space. They arrived 1000's of years ago and were
still a very technological race, still developing their great
mental powers. Once they had settled on X244 they began to try
to accelerate the speed of their development on the mental side
by experimentation with their genes and virus's.

During this experimentation two events occurred that was to have
a major effect on the future of the Sol'rebrans.

The first was the ability to transport themselfs anywhere they
wanted by the use of mental powers was discovered. |The
limitation being that they could only move themselfs and organic
matter.

The second was the creation of a being that had massive mental
powers but no morals of any kind. The combined might of the
Sol'rebrans was barely enough to bring this creature under
control.

In the conflict to contain this creature the effect on the
planets Ecosystem and the "feel" of the planet made it an
uncomfortable place to be. The Sol'rebrans took all the
spacecraft and moved planet. 

To stop any interference by any future races they left a
planetary defense system operating on the planet, and the
creature was held in a containment field.

1000's of years later a UW survey ship turned up to look at the
system, The planetary defense system had started to fail at this
time and the survey ship was able to land. Amongst its discovers
was the possibilities that there was remnants of civilization on
this planet. This information was quickly relayed to the UW.

The UW decided to keep the information quiet and sent in a small
Archeology team to investigate the possible find. This teams
entry onto the planet re�activated the planets defense system,
which has since then diverted ships away from X244 to X233.

The archeologist's digs confirmed to them this planet was the
site of a civilization 1000's of years ago, but they also
released some mutant virus's and genes that the Sol'rebrans had
buried. Far worse was the digging had the effect of weakening
the containment field that held the creature. 

The planets erratic weather pattern stopped the team reporting
they had found. By the time the weather had cleared the virus's
had done their work and the team were either dead or very ill.

The Sol'rebrans were aware that someone had got past the defense
system but thought that every thing dangerous was too well
protected for any damage to be done.

The creature calling her/its self Latton finding the field
holding her was weak started to try to break the field
completely. She was able to escape for short periods of time and
immediately found the humans on planet.

Three of the team were in a zombie like state and all the rest
were dead with the exception of Dr Leo Permis, who was slowly
recovering. Latton was able to take over the mind of Dr Leo and
the bodies of the Zombies.

As Latton slowly broke free of the containment field she started
to thirst for revenge on her creators who had imprisoned her on
this planet for so long. She began to mental sweep the stars for
the mental "scent" of the Sol'rebrans and in Jan 95 found a
trace.

She took Dr Leo with her to help hide her mental scent and
teleported to the planet, Grants World. Her powers were not as
strong as she thought and the Dr was killed in the teleport, and
when she arrived she realised that the "scent" was of some one
who had been in contact with the Sol'rebrans. Fortunately for
those with the scent (5 Coy especially O'Shaunasy) The
containment field snapped her back to X�244.

The death of Dr Leo meant that Latton has left a mental scent
of her own her luck held for a while as the Temporal Distortion
that was occurring on Grants World hide her scent for a while,
but eventually the Sol'rebrans realised that she had been off
planet and was breaking free.

At Christmas game Nicky and or Tanya complain in charecter of
having terrible nightmares, with a little girlcrying and calling
out "Help me! Help me!"

The Sol'rebrans alarm soon grew to panic (or as near as they
come) when they realised her escape would cause the fail safe
device they had left to operate and destroy the planet. The
problem with this was the virus Dr Leo was carrying and therefore
infested X�244, would survive the explosion and therefore be
spread though the universe. It would take millions of years but
eventually would kill all sentient life.
 
The Sol'rebrans needed a way to contain the situation without
embarssing them selfs in front of the humans and yet they would
need their help.

The virus kills some, in effect mind wipes others leaving them
as zombies and the luckiest will survive but will never be the
same again with large losses of IQ.

Two groups have recently managed to get past the failing defense
system. 

The first group is a private archeology team that ignored the
base and went straight to the digging of the original team. For
them this unfortunately brought them very close to Latton who
took over their minds and has been playing with her new toys
since. They still have complete minds so are so much more fun
than the zombies that she has to control every movement of. They
are still vulnerable to the effects of the virus however.

The second group to land were Scavengers on the lookout for
anything. Latton has realised that she needs information on
what is happening out in the universe so has not taken over this
group but has in fact hidden her presence from them as is
controlling them by implanting suggestions into their minds, to
make sure they will follow her suggestions she has kept them
around making sure the method works, before sending them out to
gather information for her.


### Friday Night:

A high up member of the UW starts the briefing by stressing the
secrecy of this mission and the great honor it does 5Coy to be
selected for the mission. Especially as the highest ranking
member the Sol'rebrans yet seen is helping out.

The Sol'rebrans have decided to help humans out for the first
time and agreed to help recover the Archeology team RB 561�A on
X�244 who stop transmitting nearly three years ago. 5Coy was
detailed for this mission 18 months ago but failed to get to the
planet instead landing on X�243.

It seems there is an ancient Planetary Defense System operating
that has been stopping ships getting to the planet. The
Sol'rebrans assure us that they can lower the defense long enough
for you to get to the team and out again. In return for this
humans must leave the planet alone forever.

Two black robes with a single Purple??? enter to tell the
players were to land the shuttle and were the teams based is.
They will tell 5Coy hat they have been chosen as they are a
known factor and can be trusted to keep quiet.

### Sat Morning:

An easy landing: Except for one Marine(NPC) who trips and gives
himself minor cuts.

Once a the base, lights and heating on, three bodies sitting
around a table, slumped forward with plates containing recently
eaten food. The bodies have no pulse but are warm. Documents are
around from Dr Leo that say he is the last one left alive.

Also in the base there are two more bodies that are cold but
look perfect. If an Autopsy carried out the insides are rotten,
and smell as you would expect.

Soon after settling in to the base and once people start drinking
and or eating the marine who fell over dies frothing at the
mouth and in convulsions.

If the players do an analysis of the water it does have an
unknown element in it but this is a red herring)

The guards outside see a figure that looks identical to the
purple watching them in the distance, she is on her own.

Shortly after Latton has been seen one of the warm bodies stars
moving and wanders around the base looking at the Marines and
their kit, the body is very clumsy and after a while collapses
and when checked is dead and the body is cooling.

The purple and blacks seen watching marines. A check to the
Garav. will reveal that they are still on ship.

The private Archeology team wandering around acting illogically.
Possible members dying a similar death to the marine NPC.

### Sat Night.

The marines have to take two devices to two points to regenerate
and stabilize the generators creating the containment field.
Latton realising what is occurring will get the scavengers to
either destroy or steal the devices. The first device when
destroyed will cause a massive explosion.

The failure of this will cause the Sol'rebrans to realize that
the two black robes need to sacrifice themselfs to re�contain
Latton.

### Sunday:

The marines have to escort the blackrobes to Latton under fire
from the Scavengers so they can touch her to re�contain her
(Smoke effect only robes left on ground afterward)

The Marines must gather all the humans on planet to ensure no
one can get off planet with the virus intact and contaminate
the universe.
