Dated 16th May 2602

To all Marines,

You are advised that the unit is still under extreme risk status on
planet the first contact situation is still live and therefor extreme
caution is advised. We are also unsure of the presence of any other
warrior groups or Techno Priests.

Until further notice the following orders will continue to apply.

The area outside of the base perimeter or 50 metres is to be treated as
potentially hostile territory no personnel are permitted in this area
unarmed or unscreened without escort as part of an organised patrol or
relief effort. Minimum patrol size remains at 4, no patrols will exit
base without permission of either myself or the watch commander. (Sgt
Lanner or Cpl Casselle). Anybody leaving the base on their own without
clearance will be regarded as absent without leave.

Warriors where encountered are to be treated as hostile, large forces
should be observed and reported to base. Smaller forces are to be
contained, by force only if necessary. Scavengers and other off worlders
should be encouraged to leave, as above only use force in response to
direct threats, no deals.

No personnel are allowed outside the base unscreened. Caution is also be
exercised in the presence of the local villagers, they have exhibited a
Magpie tendency so watch your kit.

We are still in a possible first contact scenario standard UW contact
procedures apply at all times. May I remind you that the being
encountered is potentially dangerous, it has not been shown to be
hostile you are advised that a good margin of safety is 10m+

I require Tech-Sgt Mexal to assist the CED dept in getting base power
systems and building screen on line Marine Garribaldi will assist in
this matter in order to enhance his Armouring / Tech skills.

I require at least two more armourers for patrol I will be taking the
names of volunteers until 1st July after which time I will be nominating
people.

I also require Medics we need at least 3 Med 4's and 1 -2 Med 3's as
above I am looking for volunteers to start with but I will start
nominating candidates soon. NCO's please note I don't appear to have
training certificates for you in either of these mandatory skills.

Course notes are available from Tec-Sgt Mexal and Spec 1 Yellan.

I am expecting to receive a number of civilian specialists over the next
few weeks there will be escort patrols for them, remember to be cordial
and polite in their presence.

Finally we are in the process of weaning the locals off cannibalism do
not make comments or jokes which may be misinterpreted in their presence
Cpl Casselle will be able to advise you on protocol.

-----------------------------------------------------------------
Major A Calvin                          
